P 244
1. An expert delivery need something extra besides story.
2. Delivery is important to any public speaking situation.
3. Having something to say and knowing how to say it are both important.
4. In this chapter, we will explain how you can use nonverbal communication to deliver your speeches effictively and to increase the impact of your verbal message.
What is Good Delivery
1. Introduce Wendell Phillips and his story.
2. Good delivery combines a certain degree of formality with the best attributes of good conversation.
3. There is no substitute for experience to become a skilled speaker. But a textbook can give you a right direction to get start.
4. Some basics elements that a  speaker should pay attention to.

Methods of Delivery(4 methods):
1. Reading from a manuscript
  Some speeches require absolute accuracy, so a manuscript is neccessary.
  A good manuscript speech should come alive as if coined on the spot, so ti's very difficult to delivery.
  Teach you how to prepare a manuscript speech.
2. Reciting From Memory
  Nowadays	there are usually the shortest speeches that need to recit from memory
  If you deliver a speech by reciting from memory, be sure to memorize it thoroughly.
3. Speaking Impromptu
  When called to deliver a impromptu speech, don't panic,pay attention to what the other speakers say, sketch a quick outline if time allows, maintain strong eye contact with your audience once you begin speaking, and so on.
  You have given thousands of impromptu speeches in daily conversation, so there is no reason to fall apart.
  The best way to become a better impromptu speaker is to practice. And this article tells you how to practice.
4. Speaking Extemporaneously
  Extemporaneous speech is carefully prepared and practiced in advance, but when the speech is going on, only a set of brief notes or a speaking outline is used to jog th memory.
  This is not as hard as it sounds. As you practice the speech over and over, the best way to present each part will emerge and stick in your mind.
  Extemporaneous speech has several advantages comparing to impromptu, manuscript, or reciting speech.
  The meaning of "Conversational quality".

5. The Speaker's Voice
  Everyone's voice is unique; a golden voice is certainly an asset, but you can overcome natural disadvantages by learning to control your voice on volume, pitch, rate, pauses, variety, pronunciation, articulation, and dialect.

  VOLUME
  Speak using a proper volume that is not only too loudly, but also too softly.

  PITCH
  Pitch can affect the meaning of words or sounds.
  Changes in pitch give your voice luster, warmth, and vitality.

  RATE
  The rate will be various according to different conditions.
  How to be aware of the problem and concentrate on solving it.

  PAUSE
  Pause is useful.
  Work on pauses when you practice your speeches.
  Make sure you pause at the end of thought units and not in the middle.
  Do not fill the silence with "uh", "er","um".   

  VOCAL　VARIETY
  Variety is the spice of public speaking.
  Examples about James Joyce and Sajjid Zahir Chinoy.
  How to develop a lively, expressive voice.
  Vocal variety is a natural feature of ordinary conversation.

  PRONUNCIATION
  We all mispronounce words now and again.
  Try to know which word is mispronounced by hearing someone else, or having someone gently correct us in private.

  ARTICULATION
  Sloppy articulation
  Most of the time poor articulation is caused by laziness.
  Careless articulation can be broken only by persistent effort.
  Mend your speech a little, lest you may mar your fortunes.

  DIALECT
  Four major regional dialects in the US.
  Several ethnic dialects in the US.
  There is no such thing as a right or wrong dialect.
  The answer about which dialect is better depends above all on the composition of your audience.
  Over the years many non-native speakers of English have found speech class a supportive environment in which to improve their proficiency in spoken English.

6. The Speaker's Body
  Posture, facial expression, gestures, eye contact--all affect the way listeners respond to a speaker.
  People trust their ears less than their eyes.

  PERSONAL APPEARANCE
  Every speakers is expected by her or his audience to exhibit a personal appearance in keeping with the occasion of the speech.
  Personal appearance plays an important role in speechmaking.

  MOVEMENT
  Quirks of movement usually stem from nervousness.
  As important as how you act during the speech is what you do just before you begin and after you finish.

  GESTURES
  Few aspects of delivery cause students more anguish than deciding what to do with their hands.
  The primary rule is this: Whatever gestures you make should not distract from your message.

  EYE CONTACT
  eye contact is influenced by cultural background.
  Look at your listeners.
  It isn't enough just to look at your listeners; how you look at them also counts.
7. Practicing Delivery
  You will do little to improve your speech delivery unless you practice the right things in the right ways.

  Five-step method.
  a. Go through your preparation outline aloud to check how what you have written translates into spoken discourse.
  b. Prepare your speaking outline.
  c. Practice the speech aloud several times using only the speaking outline.
  d. Practice the speech in front of a mirror to check for eye contact and distracting mannerisms.And then in front of friends, roommates, family members.
  e. Give your speech a dress rehearsal.

  A single practice session is rarely enough.

8. Answering Audience Questions
  An answer to a question is often the final word an audience hears and is likely to leave a lasting impression.

  Take it as seriously as the speech itself.

  Formulate Answers to Possible Questions
  Practice the Delivery of Your Answers

  MANAGING THE QUESTION-AND-ANSWER SESSION
  The following suggestions will help get you started on the right foot:
  Approach Questions with a Positive Attitude

  Listen Carefully

  Direct Answers to the Entire Audience

  Be Honest and Straightforward

  Stay on Track