P 244
1. An expert delivery need something extra besides story.
2. Delivery is important to any public speaking situation.
3. Having something to say and knowing how to say it are both important.
4. In this chapter, we will explain how you can use nonverbal communication to deliver your speeches effictively and to increase the impact of your verbal message.
What is Good Delivery
1. Introduce Wendell Phillips and his story.
2. Good delivery combines a certain degree of formality with the best attributes of good conversation.
3. There is no substitute for experience to become a skilled speaker. But a textbook can give you a right direction to get start.
4. Some basics elements that a  speaker should pay attention to.

Methods of Delivery(4 methods):
1. Reading from a manuscript
  Some speeches require absolute accuracy, so a manuscript is neccessary.
  A good manuscript speech should come alive as if coined on the spot, so ti's very difficult to delivery.
  Teach you how to prepare a manuscript speech.
2. Reciting From Memory
  Nowadays	there are usually the shortest speeches that need to recit from memory
  If you deliver a speech by reciting from memory, be sure to memorize it thoroughly.
3. Speaking Impromptu
  When called to deliver a impromptu speech, don't panic,pay attention to what the other speakers say, sketch a quick outline if time allows, maintain strong eye contact with your audience once you begin speaking, and so on.
  You have given thousands of impromptu speeches in daily conversation, so there is no reason to fall apart.
  The best way to become a better impromptu speaker is to practice. And this article tells you how to practice.
4. Speaking Extemporaneously
  Extemporaneous speech is carefully prepared and practiced in advance, but when the speech is going on, only a set of brief notes or a speaking outline is used to jog th memory.
  This is not as hard as it sounds. As you practice the speech over and over, the best way to present each part will emerge and stick in your mind.
  Extemporaneous speech has several advantages comparing to impromptu, manuscript, or reciting speech.
  The meaning of "Conversational quality".

  The Speaker's Voice